Project Unofficial Description:

1. A project within the scope of data mining (within the topics mentioned in the data mining course) is expected.

2. Choose data sets that are as large and contain noise.

3. Perform literature analysis. Determine the most appropriate solution plan for your project by taking into account conference proceedings and articles.

4. You can use data mining methods that are explained or not explained in the course in your project. Deep learning models will not be graded in the project.

5. No grade will be given for data preparation (not data pre-processing). Example: time spent for web scraping.

6. The data set should not be synthetically created or easy. Example: Iris dataset, etc.

7. Prohibited methods: k-means, k-nn, naive bayes

8. You are expected not to use data mining tools in your project or to use them very little. What I mean by data mining tool is that if you are going to use x algorithm for clustering, I expect you to implement it yourself. If you are going to compare your method with other methods, you can get help from the data mining tools.

9. Your project should include all stages of data mining (preprocessing, post processing etc.).

10. You are expected to compare your results with other methods.

11. I also look forward to seeing what you do to improve your results.

12. I expect you to show your results with tables and graphs.

13. I expect you to do the necessary work to determine the most appropriate parameter by testing your results with different parameters.

14. Under the heading "Discussion", write a statement that includes the issues your project is missing, other methods to be used, future work and the reasons if your results are not good.

15. Your project should not be the same as your graduation projects or projects in other courses. You should not use the same data and the same methods.

16. You must prepare a conference proceedings  as the project report that includes the problem definition, literature analysis, the methods you used (with formulas) and the results (with graphs and tables). Information on all topics in the first 14 criterias must be included in the paper. The paper should be in the form or format of a conference proceeding, not in the format or form of a project report. The paper must be in the format of the SIU conference. I expect you to write the proceeding using Latex tools.

Note. I expect you to put in enough effort as your project report will have a significant weight when giving your project grade.